Add WAC documentation (#212)
cdr/docs: environments/workspaces-as-code/index.md

---
title: "Workspaces as code"
description: "Learn how to describe environment configuration as code."
state: beta
---

Workspaces as code (WAC) brings the _Infrastructure As Code_ paradigm to Coder
environments. WAC allows you to define and create new environments using

> **workspace templates**.

Reviewer: @khorne3 should this be a proper noun?

Reviewer 2: No, we're not capitalizing any feature names (just the names of products)

[Workspace Templates](./templates.md) are declarative YAML files that describe
how to configure environments and their supporting infrastructure.

## Requirements

- You must configure a [GitHub or GitLab OAuth service](../admin/git.md)
- The image you use in your template **must** have been
  [imported](../../images/importing.md) into Coder

## Getting started

To get started, add a `.coder/coder.yaml` file to your repository.

## Open in Coder badge

To make it easy for users to use your workspace template, you can add an **Open
in Coder** badge to your repository's `README.md`.

To generate a badge for your repository, navigate to **Manage** > **Admin** >
**Templates**, and fill out the required fields. Then, the Markdown generated
can be added to your repository's `README.md`.

![Open In Coder Button](../../assets/workspaces-as-code-badge.png)

![Open In Coder Button Pt. 2](../../assets/workspaces-as-code-badge-preview.png)

## Creating a workspace template

> A fully populated config file and descriptions on each field can be found in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A fully populated template containing descriptions on each field can be found in the
```

[syntax guide](wac-syntax.md)

You can find a fully populated workspace template and descriptions of each field

> in our [syntax guide](templates.md).

Reviewer: Duplicate of prior paragraph
